The "pct" directory keeps the outputs of 100 executions of the app using pct algorithm.
48 of the executions hit the bug.

% grep -r "java.lang.NullPointerException"  pct/ | wc -l
48 

% grep -r "java.lang.NullPointerException"  pct
pct/100.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/13.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/15.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/16.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/17.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/21.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/23.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/24.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/27.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/28.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/31.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/32.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/34.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/35.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/37.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/38.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/39.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/4.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/40.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/41.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/42.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/44.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/45.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/46.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/49.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/5.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/52.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/53.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/54.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/56.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/6.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/60.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/61.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/66.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/69.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/7.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/70.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/71.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/8.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/82.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/87.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/89.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/9.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/90.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/92.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/93.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/95.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
pct/99.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException