The "naiverandom" directory keeps the outputs of 100 executions of the app using naive random testing.
25 of the executions hit the bug.

% grep -r "java.lang.NullPointerException"  naiverandom/ | wc -l
25 

% grep -r "java.lang.NullPointerException"  naiverandom
naiverandom/1.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/14.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/18.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/2.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/22.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/25.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/29.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/3.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/31.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/36.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/42.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/46.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/47.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/50.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/61.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/62.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/66.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/75.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/8.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/84.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/86.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/90.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/93.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/96.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException
naiverandom/99.txt:[info] java.lang.NullPointerException